= NOCMS

NOCMS is a web service that allows you to add basic WYSIWYG Content Management to any website.  
It provides wiki-style editing with a few lines of Javascript.  Add just a few lines more to
your application and you get server-side rendering and 'editor' authentication.

The NOCMS gem provides server-side integration with api.nocms.org for ruby applications built on the Rails or Sinatra frameworks.

NOCMS is for you if:
* You want to add WYSIWYG editing to an existing static website
* Wordpress, Drupal and similar OSS Content Management Systems are too much for your needs
* You want to add basic CMS functions to your existing web app

FEATURES (NOCMS RUBY GEM)
* Wiki-style WYSIWYG editing with just 3 lines of Javascript
* Server-side rendering of content for SEO purposes and improved performance
* Caching via native Rails.cache or a custom Sinatra cache (Hash)
* nocms_block() view helper for adding editable blocks to your pages/views

Website: http://www.nocms.org
Mailing List: http://groups.google.com/group/nocms
Twitter: http://twitter.com/powcloud

== Changes
* 0.4.1
  * MINOR: Change to bundler to move toward CI support
* 0.4.0
  * FEA: Add site_index which returns a hash of paths with an array of the languages for each
* 0.3.0 
  * FEA: Add path_has_content? which returns true if the given path has content in the cache in either the current language or the default language
* 0.2.1
  * BUG: Fix a serialization bug for the keys list, now using Sets
* 0.2.0 
  * FEA: Added Rails support incl. caching
  * FEA: First stab at unit tests
* 0.1.0 
  * FEA: First prototype of the ruby gem - Sinatra support


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 PowCloud Inc. See LICENSE for details.
